1. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=13&selection=29,4,101,14|Suppose f : [−1, 1] → R is a function such that f (x) = 2 − x 2 2 f  x 2 2 − x 2  , ∀ x ∈ [−1, 1]. Then, f (−1) is equal to]]


2. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=12&selection=119,3,191,1|Let f : R → R be the following function f (x) = max(|x|, x2 ), ∀ x. Define D := {(x, y) ∈ R2 : x ∈ R, y ≥ f (x)}. Which of the following is true for D?]]


3. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=12&selection=64,3,94,2|Let f : R → R be the following function f (x) = max(|x|, x2 ), ∀ x.]]


4. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=12&selection=3,3,24,23|There is a strip made up of (n + 2) squares, where n is a positive integer. The two end squares are coloured black and other n squares are coloured white. A girl jumps to one of the n white squares uniformly at random and chooses one of its two adjacent squares uniformly at random. What is the probability that the chosen square is white?]]


5. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=11&selection=123,4,142,20|A monkey starts at the origin (0, 0) on R2 . The monkey covers a distance of 5 units in any direction in one jump. If the monkey can only go to integer coordinates on R2 , then the number of possible locations after its first jump is equal to]]

6. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=11&selection=61,4,75,9|We are given n positive integers k1 , . . . , k n (need not be distinct) such that]]



8. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=10&selection=156,4,161,33|Arjun and Gukesh each toss three different fair coins (each coin either lands heads or tails with equal probability and with each outcome independent of each other). Arjun wins if strictly more of his coins lands on heads than]]
	1. [[23 2023 PEA (winning Strictly)]]

9. 22[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=10&selection=129,4,151,2|The constant term (i.e., the term not involving x) in the expansion of  x + 1 x 2  19 is]]
    [[22 2023 PEA Binomial Expansion Constant Term Analysis - Grok]]

10. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=10&selection=63,0,85,21|21. For any non-negative real number x, define f (x) to be the largest integer not greater than x. For instance, f (1.2) = 1. Evaluate the following integra]][[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=10&selection=85,21,85,22|l]]
	1. [[21 2023 PEA Evaluating Integral of Floor Function]]

11. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=9&selection=161,0,224,26|20. Suppose f : R → R is a differentiable function such that f ′ (x) is strictly increasing in x (f ′ (x) indicates the derivative of f (x) with respect to x). Suppose f ( 1 2 ) = 1 2 and f (1) = 1. Then which of the following is true ?]]
	a. [[20 2023 PEA Differentiable Function Analysis -]]


12. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=9&selection=68,4,125,20|The cumulative distribution function F of a standard normal distribution satisfies: F (1.4) = 0.92, F (0.14) = 0.555, F (−0.2) = 0.42, F (−1.6) = 0.055 A manufacturer does not know the mean and standard deviation of the diameters of ball bearings it produces. However, he knows that the diameters follow a normal distribution with mean μ and standard deviation σ. It rejects 8% of b]]
	a.
13. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=9&selection=0,0,47,32|18. A girl chooses a number uniformly at random from {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}. If she chooses n, then she chooses another number uniformly at random from {1, . . . , n}. What is the probability that the second number is 5?]]
	a. [[18 2023 PEA Probability of Second Number Being 5]]
14. [[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=8&selection=58,4,73,35|Bowl A contains two red coins; Bowl B contains two white coins; and Bowl C contains a white and a red coin. A bowl is selected uniformly at random and a coin is chosen from it uniformly at random. If the chosen coin is white]]
	a.[[17 2023 PEA Probability Puzzle Coins and Bowls - Grok]]

15. Rank of a Matrix

[[15 2023 PEA Solow Model Predicting β0 Sign - Grok]]

[[14 PEA 2023 ISLM]]


[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=5&selection=16,0,21,44|Questions 11, 12 and 13 are related and share a common information set. The complete set of information is revealed gradually as you move from one question to the next. Attempt them sequentially starting from question 11.]]
	a. [[11 12 13 2023 PEA]]


[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=4&selection=171,0,187,2|Questions 9 and 10 share the following common information. Consider an economy where output (income) is demand determined. In this economy λ proportion (0 < λ < 1)]]
	a. [[9 2023 PEA Economic Model Savings and Income Analysis - Grok]]
		



[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=4&selection=4,0,46,1|8. There is a unit mass of consumers who buy either one unit of a product or nothing. Consumer valuation, θ, is distributed according to the distribution function F (θ) defined over θ, θ , that is, for any θ ∈ θ, θ ,]]
	a. [[8 2023 PEA F' Slope of Inverse Demand Function - Grok]]

[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=3&selection=204,0,223,56|7. 500 consumers (of health services) are distributed uniformly over the interval [0, 1]. The government can set up two hospitals anywhere in the interval. The hospitals provide health services free of cost, but the consumers have to incur the expenses of travelling to the hospital. The travel cost of a consumer who travels a distance d is d. The fixed cost of setting up a hospital is 300, and the marginal cost of servicing an individual is 2. T]]
	a. [[7 2023 PEA]]




[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=3&selection=6,0,33,35|6. Consider a market demand function p = 100 − q, where p is market price and q is aggregate demand. There are two firms, firm 1 and firm 2, with identical cost functions]] The Bertrand Nash Equilibrium 
	a. [[6 2023 PEA Bertrand-Nash Equilibrium in Duopoly Pricing - Grok]]







[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=2&selection=178,0,200,33|5. Consider a market demand function p = 100 − q, where p is market price and q is aggregate demand. There is a large number of firms with identical cost functions]]
	a. [[5 2023 PEA Economics of Competitive Equilibrium - Grok]]
	

[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=2&selection=90,0,145,51|4. Consider a market demand function p = 100 − q, where p is market price and q is aggregate demand. There are 10 firms, each with cost function, ci (q i ) = qi , i ∈ 1, 2, . . . , 10. The firms compete in quantities. The total deadweight loss is]]
	a.[[4 Deadweight Loss in Cournot Competition]]
[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=2&selection=17,3,74,16|Consider a market demand function p = 100 − q, where p is market price and q is aggregate demand. There are 23 firms, each with cost function, ci (q i ) = q 2 i 2 , i ∈ 1, 2, . . . , 23. The CournotNash equilibrium]]
	a. [[3 2023 PEA Cournot-Nash Equilibrium Calculation - Grok]]

[[MSQE-PEA-2023.pdf#page=1&selection=0,3,72,20|A consumer’s budgetary allocation for two commodities x and y is given by m. Her demand for commodity x is given by: x(p x , p y , m) = 2m 5p x . Suppose that her budget allocation (m) and the price of commodity y (p y ) remains the same at (m = Rs. 1000, p y = Rs. 20) while the price of commodity x (px ) falls from Rs. 5 to Rs. 4.]]
	a. 


